Yang Jing Miss Yang
Why? I think you're good at it.
And through so much
I'm really handsome
Hahaha, you really have a good eye.
Yang Jing is my heart
It was the trump card I grew up with
Don't look at her, it's a woman.
I have people working for me.
Did not warn his opponent
that
Several meanings
Mr. Wan looks up to you so much
What are you still doing?
Very happy my husband remembers
eye
Eyes die
It's okay, you can rest well these days.
I'll talk about it later
Master, you are back
Lao Mu just took a break secretly
I heard you met a killer
Are you all right?
Almost couldn't come back
This catastrophe
Dare to embarrass you at the wedding reception
About the killers
Can't get rid of him?
I don't think so either.
It can't be easy
Fu Lao will leave this matter to you to check.
If it's a disaster
The ghost is a troublemaker
You must settle accounts with him in the future
Master Gao
I have to tell someone about this.
This is what old people should mean
Now the family knows you exist
But you need one last test heart.
You can only return to the family if you pass the assessment.
Why is the big family so troublesome?
Is that so?
After all, we have a journey to take.
After all, you are the future heir
It is impossible for the family to transfer all its assets
Handing over a wine bag and a rice bag
Well, what do I do?
The old slave has already planned it for you.
A Halloween convention will be held in 3 days
Publicly announce your identity at the conference
And to attract investment
The old slave plan will take half a year
Help you create a party that is not inferior to Wanjia
Super consortium
Foreign Business Conference